Please go home.
Hello.
You don't have the. Hello. Hey guys. Uh,
maybe you want to jump on this call and
just tell them. Yeah,
I'm sorry if I have an aside discussion
with Taylor because, uh,
you know what we we see is that in this
semester because she was the one who
scheduled the meetings.
And Taylor doesn't do it manually.
She uses Power Automate to to handle all
this. Because of this,
the recordings don't end up in the folder
where you guys can access them like under
the team team.
The recording is also not there, right?
Exactly, but it's not in the folder.
Nothing is in the folder and the spec
romised them to have it in the folder O.
OK, so a lot for us to discuss.
How are you guys doing?
Let me see if I have both teams.
Do I actually?
Maybe you guys can just tell me.
I'm from Team 07.
OK.
Let's see. Thank you. OK, so guys,
we have actually,
we have another team joining us.
So I expect to have both teams here.
Uh, so bracket,
can you please tell me if I should wait
for anybody else?
Hi,
I believe I we're still waiting on maybe
one or two more members,
but I'm gonna go text them and see if
they're gonna join.
OK, let us give it until 105.
Sure.
I'm waiting on uh, Marcus Johnson. Uh,
I don't think the rest can make it today.
It's perfectly fine. Like we said,
you know,
Um, yeah.
as long as you guys are comfortable being
underrepresented, I'm certainly OK.
Let me share.
My screen in a minute.
And yeah,
Taylor and I had a very interesting
discussion about the availability of the
transcripts,
which will be kind of important for your
program, kind of.
Oh, this will be for the program,
which means if the development is
successful,
we want to use it for everything next
semester. So yeah,
we will just ask the students to to
evaluate different options. For example,
if I'm the one who is running the program
and I'm the one who is scheduling.
And the meetings,
then obviously the access will be there
because they can just go to my chef,
to my OneDrive.
Or they can help us doing it through the
teams channel systematically,
but then we don't have a shared chat.
Access to chat is.
OK.
Screen sharing something was fine.
Yes.
That's true.
OK, um.
OK, y'all, Sharon, Sharon.
Here we go.
So actually there isn't much for me to
share besides this one slide.
Can you see it?
Yeah, I can see it.
Uh, yes, I see.
Oh, I'll try to do a slide show,
but sometimes.
Yes.
Oh dear. Uh, give me a second. Yeah,
should be better now, right?
OK, can we start?
Yeah, it should be OK.
I don't believe anyone from my team's
Yes.
gonna come.
OK, so Henry is also not here.
I will pin him later and ask him to be
present on this meetings moving forward.
So welcome to your first ongoing meeting
team one and for the second team. So yes,
we have one more student team.
They missed the kick off meeting.
But I shared the recap with them and we
also have a quote quote private
walkthrough for them so they don't miss
out on any details about the project.
That's my news now.
The team one,
would you like to go over the three
things that are written on the slide that
I'm sharing?
Or.
The weekly report,
like not the official report,
but we said that during the ongoing
status meeting,
we will cover three things.
What did the team work on since the last
meeting?
What is the team going to work on until
the next meeting?
And if there is anything that holds you
back questions or?
Concerns and problems.
And Marcus, should I go?
Oh yeah, sorry. Yeah,
you probably should go Noah.
OK, yeah,
since the last meeting we got everyone up
to date on our Python settings,
kind of looking at the AI we're using,
getting everyone installed with all the
tools and on the same page.
And until the next meeting we're going to
be looking like at the hard specs.
Of how how are pipelines gonna work and
figure out how the file structure is
gonna work with the admin.
We were gonna ask about that and what's
holding us back right now is well, yeah,
there's just.
We need to know how the file structure is
gonna work. Um.
Like how the folders are gonna get found
in the recording storage.
Yep.
OK, this is good. Just to remind you guys,
I mean, obviously great progress,
but remember I warned you, well,
software developers,
we would like to test the technology and
install stuff first of all to see that
things are working.
But I'm bringing your attention to the
requirement document.
Remember we spoke about it.
Yes.
Yeah, so you guys remember this, right?
Yes.
Awesome.
So as long as you're on top of it.
And again, you know,
I don't care in which form you're going
to capture them,
but please do it for yourself as much As
for me.
OK,
So what are you guys going to work on
until the next meeting?
OK, I'll go ahead. Yeah,
we're going to be testing.
Seeing how we can get the recording
through an LLM so we can like track like
context inside it,
like kind of specifically in the context
Question. Question. Yeah, no.
Why do you bother with the recordings and
of this, yes.
not with the transcript?
It's much lighter file.
You don't need the actual video, right?
It's super heavy.
Um.
It provides.
It provides the transcript I see.
Yes, just think about it. I would,
you know,
I would probably keep the recording maybe
for the tracking purposes and you know,
archiving the artifacts.
But when it comes to the motion analysis
and what's not,
I would definitely use TXT files.
That works great. Um.
Yeah, as long as the transcriptor is uh.
Yeah, as long as it's coherent transcript,
we won't need to like remake the wheel
Exactly because your video processing
will be 99% capturing the audio.
with that respect. So yeah.
Yep, yes, excellent.
So that when that's part of the pipeline
is done through like the AI sentiment
tracker,
like seeing like context of like this
part of the transcript was detected as a
risk.
With what it knows of the context of a
project,
then we'll figure out like the e-mail
notification automation for notifying
Mhm.
them on like the the risk.
Remember we talked about this being a web
application, right?
So and you know there are two types of
users, so not just e-mail,
Yes.
it has to be highlighted somewhere on the
dashboard.
And also please keep in mind and you see
I'm going back to the requirements,
not because I want to prove my point,
God forbid, but because this is important,
all the red flags,
it's not just the motion analysis.
There are very straightforward, you know,
clean,
cleanly defined red flags such as team
not not attending the meeting,
sponsor not attending the meeting because
you know,
people breaking into fights on the
capstone meetings is, thank goodness,
unlikely.
Yeah.
However,
no shows and unanswered questions and
attempts to to for scope creep.
Happen all the time.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah,
we definitely definitely don't wanna like
that scope creep into this,
considering this many moving parts
Mm-hmm. Exactly. Keep it,
keep it on minimal. Keep it,
already from start to finish on this.
keep it to minimal. You know what?
Maybe again,
once you you go into requirement analysis
and you define your minimal viable
product.
Just, you know,
see what you're comfortable including.
It can be as simple as attendance and you
know one because for attendance you don't
need a I. And by the way,
what you don't need a I for,
I suggest not to use it because it's
costly. It doesn't make any sense.
Probability of it acting up on you is
high.
O for example for attendance you can just
use you know you can see the attendance
but for things like and add one AI based
features such as.
And I'll scope creep for example.
And see how it works for something.
Scope creep is also not not easy.
Because somebody has to voice something.
You know, a person can say, you know,
one of the sponsors told me actually last
week, she said, yeah, we've discussed it,
but now that I'm thinking about it,
it should work in a completely different
way. Hey, Henry.
We're discussing, you know, hey, hey,
we are currently discussing, so team one,
Hi, Alan.
you know,
we're discussing which kind of red flags
we can define for their prototype.
Because I don't want to go overboard and
go into like nitty gritty of emotional
analysis. Actually, you know,
it doesn't matter. No, it you know,
just pick one which is non AI and one
which is AI at least and see how it works
for you.
If you want to make to to add more,
you're welcome to do it,
but it doesn't have to be a huge amount.
So Henry,
from your Capstone experience and the
meetings experience,
besides like people not attending,
students not attending and Capstone
sponsors not attending,
what were the obvious red flags that we
want to watch for?
I'll say not biting more than you can
chew because with more features comes
more complexity.
So with that I'll say if you can focus on
you already gave bullet points right on
what deliverable should be.
So I'll say try not to try to make sure
you cover the basics like the
fundamentals.
Make sure you knock out everything that
is required for the MVP.
And if after that you want to then go
ahead and add more features,
just make sure you have the working
version with the complete features.
Well, well produced,
well documented and good to go.
Then you can now experiment with more
features. So in a nutshell,
just try not to overhaul yourself with
adding more features because building
this project gets very, very exciting.
And I think Alla,
you also mentioned it during my own time
as well. You access to focus on.
Deliverables first and we,
my team and my team particularly,
we had a lot of ideas coming in and we
had to like put everything and then you
only became chaotic.
So we had to start up,
start the project all over again mid
session. So I'll say try not to.
Try not to take more than,
take more than you can handle.
Also try to delegate packs accordingly.
But if one person is slacking,
try to figure out the exact reason why.
And if it's something you guys can do
collectively, fine,
don't be scared to ask for help.
The other thing I would like to point out
would be.
Try and use as much open source tools as
possible so you don't build additional
expenses unnecessarily for yourselves.
Yeah, that would be it.
Yeah. So bottom line is, you know,
think about it and let's talk.
But that's why the requirements are
important,
because this is when you define your
limited scope and they approve it and
you're good.
Did we really confuse you, Noah, Marcus?
Oh well, are you? Oh no.
That was a great point too is open source.
So.
It's cause I make new packages.
I very much believe in open source and I
use it in my workflow anyways all the
time.
Mhm.
And I definitely definitely wanna try to.
I'll let the rest of the team know we'll
try to use like open source.
As much as possible in this cause it's
just generally a better solution for
stuff like this.
Followed.
Awesome. And Henry is the pro. You know,
I I never got the chance to play with
this. No, seriously, I I am not hands on.
And Henry is another point. Yes,
and it's kind of painful.
So about the file location,
if you look at your own team.
Channel and you go into the shared files,
you will see that the folder recordings
and transcript is not there.
And we believe that the reason is that
Taylor scheduled this meeting from her
own account.
And the location.
If you go into the chat and you see where
the recording landed and the transcript
landed,
you will see that it's on her private
shared OneDrive.
And you're probably given a permission to
view it, but not download it. By the way,
Taylor, maybe when you schedule them,
is there a like an option to allow
participants to download it or not?
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no.
They don't need it for now. So guys,
whatever.
So for your own proof of concept,
for your own thing, try to create,
just create a dummy team on teams and
schedule meetings, you know,
see what works. So the reason where you.
Using a private account to schedule these
meetings is because of Taylor.
Please keep me on a three or four
different things. So first of all,
you can use Power Automate to create
these meetings if you do it from your own
account.
This is 1. #2 is external guests.
If you schedule it from the team,
they don't have access to chat and also
instead of being added to your own
calendar and then you have everything on
in one place,
it's added to the team's calendar.
And of course, you know you can.
It's not exactly accurate because you can
still invite individual team members,
but it's kind of bad.
But then the recordings end up where they
should end up. And anyway, I'm not sure,
you know,
in order for for the person to be able to
sample multiple recordings from different
teams.
This person should probably be should be
a member of all the teams and then you
know, I don't know how it works,
how it's going to work systematically.
However, if I'm the person who schedules,
Taylor is the person,
Oh, ever.
then the recordings end up on her shared
drive,
and if she is the one who is running the
app,
then we don't have a permission issue.
OK,
so you really need to look into the
directory structure and where really this
recordings go. Also, by the way,
if you schedule it as a team,
Power Automate utilization is not
possible.
I think.
That's so far based on my research with
ChatGPT. I'm using a shared calendar now,
so that's our current setup that's
sending it to my folder just for added
information.
Yeah,
and I'm not sure no if you know if it
clicks right now and if you guys,
you know if you're with us and following.
But getting access to these files is
going to be tricky as everything is M365
is.
Yeah, I think we're prepared for then.
So you will have recording of this
meeting, yeah.
And you can always reach out to Taylor,
who is a a big pro on this because you
know it came from pain.
And see what's the best approach here.
Again, you know,
if you think that in order for for your
application to be used,
meetings have to be scheduled a different
way, we can certainly look into it.
But please keep in mind that if the
meetings are scheduled from the team.
There are all these limitations and we
are not crazy about them.
Oh, if you want, yeah, I I if you want,
Taylor can can show you actually on the
screen.
Just maybe show show them how you
schedule it,
how you share the calendars and where the
recording ends in.
You know,
you guys will definitely need to to try
to schedule a couple of meetings in a
different ways in order to see what you
actually recommend.
Can you see the calendar?
Uh, yes.
OK,
so I used to schedule it from my own
Yes.
calendar, but um,
I used to schedule it from the team's
calendar, so that would be in.
See.
OK,
I used to like go into the teams and then
be directly in the channel and then I
would create a calendar or there was one
here.
Where were the challenges?
There was like the calendar tab here and
then I could just schedule it directly
from the teams,
but then it lived only in the teams.
So it was hard to like interact with
outside partners and they don't get
access to the chat and I couldn't use
Power Automate with that.
But then Alla recommended to use the
shared calendar.
And that's this.
So with that I just created a calendar
and then I added Alla and Robin and I
schedule all the teams meetings from the
shared calendar. Um mhm.
Mhm.
Let's see.
7.
I do it from my phone cause it won't let
me sign in.
OK, cool.
But I'm using a share calendar if that
gives you guys like a basis of what to
research.
Thank you. I'll help.
I'll be referring to that in the in the
recording too.
Yeah, I get it. No,
it is really confusing because you know,
we you guys probably didn't get there.
So there is a gap.
But bottom line is in order for your
program to be able to systematically
access recording and transcripts,
the meeting has to be scheduled in a
specific way.
And this way it's not straightforward and
you will need to do some research about
it.
And this is where the files go for now.
So there are my files and then files and
then recording.
So that's even though it's in the shared
calendar,
it still goes to goes to my personal
recordings folder and that's what that
looks like, just so you know.
OK.
OK,
I just happened to ask a different
Capstone team.
So on the scale of zero to 10,
how much was it a foreign language?
Everything we just said.
How much was it a foreign language? Uh,
like only like two to three.
Uh huh.
It's all good.
Oh, OK. OK.
For you, OK, no, four is fine.
They told me 7.
That's for the red flag for sure.
Or else OK.
So, Prakitra,
how much was the foreign language for you,
my friend, considering the?
I'm oh, it's not too bad.
I would have probably also say like two
or three. It's not that bad.
Like two or three, it's not that bad.
OK, OK, yeah,
so it it clicks right with it,
it connects with the what's its name with
all the, you know,
whatever is written in the spec.
Mhm.
OK, cool then. So I will meet. Yeah,
I will meet team two tomorrow at 5:00 and
we will do the second kick off.
If you'll if team one wants to join just
for the heck of being with us because
we're so very wonderful,
you're more than welcome to let me know
and I will add you to.
Say invite, but that's the same thing.
OK.
Minus the introductions.
OK.
Cool. If you want it, let me know.
I'll forward it to you. OK, guys,
OK.
have a good one.
Alright, you too. Have a good day.
Thank you everyone.
OK.
OK. Bye. Bye.
5.
Thank you so much.
Hi.
Alright, take care.